So you might be asking yourself,
why then this lesson cover?
First, we will start with a brief introduction to
fundamental ideas used in creating forecasting models.
We will review the two approaches to modeling; top-down and bottom-up.
You will learn about inputs and outputs of
the model and the types of inputs required to create models.
We will practice Excel functions and tools that can
make forecasting models easier and interactive.
You will learn advanced tools like index, match,
and offset that can come in handy during scenario analysis.
I'm so excited to show you the ins and outs of
modeling techniques in Excel. So let's dig in.